I'm on hi buddies Jaquan open the game
with characters and they were gonna play
minecraft the Kwan's boys yes I'm ready
go Gary to play create a mom cuz I would
have bailed ok I'm cranky well how does
that work ok there's a bunch of snow no
that's like a jungle snow tropical
jungle what regards a thingy Annika he
di'int indeed i'm dying to me ok so i
asked on Twitter when I should build in
Minecraft and wink tut said I should
bill chappell a so I'm gonna build a
giant chipotle burrito yummy ok let's
build this burrito gonna be delicious ok
oh my god it's are you lying so tasty we
all look at the black beans in the Glock
and the beef and the tomatoes oh oh my
god we got bit more on there that's not
enough it's joe pull a it's gotta be
bigger yes no that is it you pull a
burrito all girl the tomatoes in the
guac and they'll be even the black beans
ok now we need to put some tin foil
around thing because you can't be eating
just your hands without the tin foil
because it gets all over your shirt oh
my god what did I do somebody already
trying to take a big bite out of my
burrito no my god you're so rude oh my
god oh my god oh my god i'm so hungry
we'll finish it off with some black
beans and some guacamole and some beef
and then a little bit of tomatoes oh my
god is done we have made our chipotle
burrito with all the tomatoes and they
oh my god I'm gonna get so fat I'm none
none none okay Orion for 15 wants me to
build a dinosaur with the penis pooping
um okay
my god our dinosaur is all done now we
just got to put the inappropriate stuff
like the penis and the pool yay
illness your dinosaur you made a poopy
you know thinking dinosaur poopy no oh
my god now I through the dinosaurs Peter
zealously so awkward
Oh
oh my god this your dinosaurs got a big
old and I'm like what are the lady
dinosaurs that I'm ready Oh welcome
everybody to Jurassic oh my god oh my
god everybody looked that way everybody
look the other way okay going like oh my
god oh my god oh god George inch from
Twitter ass oh my god Jaquan can you
build pac-man cuz im so when the retro
gaming oh my god i'm pulling a bill that
joins pac man
I
oh my god pac-man salt I'm gonna eat oh
my god oh my god you're gonna go over to
mr. dinos house see is big dick all
where's business dark man in the comment
section let me know what you want me to
build in the mix minecraft video on
check one you've been watching you even
care dude i'll see you guys later why
you